{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18700\viewh20640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 2 Runs
\b0 \
Run time for each = 
\b 388
\b0  seconds\
\
The email is no problem, no worries. Attached is everything you need to run the subject through the social working memory paradigm. The first two documents are also in the zipped folder attached. The first one is just the task instructions to go over with and read to the subject. The second document has instructions for whoever is running the scan about how to run the task. \
\
Bob is familiar with the stimulus presentation script used here, but in case he's not the one running the scan, here's some info. The matlab script in the folder MSS_caltech (MSS.m) uses psychtoolbox, so psychtoolbox would also have to be set in the path of the computer running the stimuli. MSS.m just reads in textfiles, so all your subject's task information are in the three textfiles in the folder. One textfile (swm_practice.txt) is just for if you want to run a practice demo on the subject before their scan, it takes 2mins15secs. The actual scanner task is two separate runs (swmrun1_01_ct.txt and swmrun2_01_ct.txt), and each is 6mins28secs (slightly longer than I wrote in the last email due to including both trial types (social and alphabetizing) in each run). I think the instruction document should be pretty straightforward in terms of explaining how to run these tasks, but if you have any questions, definitely shoot me an email!}